---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Week 5 (July 17th - July 21st)

**July 17th:**  

In the recent stages of my project, I've made significant strides in advancing our research objectives. One notable accomplishment is the successful completion of demographics collection for all the datasets at hand. This meticulous work has provided us with a comprehensive and diverse representation of the subjects under study. By ensuring that the demographics are well-documented, we've set the stage for a more robust and insightful analysis of the data.

Additionally, I've made considerable progress with the creation of the scores webpages. These webpages serve as a crucial resource, offering a user-friendly interface for data access and evaluation. The completion of this component represents a key milestone in streamlining data management and visualization, making our research more accessible and transparent.

As we transition into the next phase of the project, I'm excited to report that I've already begun modifying and enhancing my script to accommodate the athletes and actors dataset. This dataset expansion holds the promise of broadening our research scope and insights by incorporating a diverse range of public figures from various domains. The adaptability of our script is pivotal in ensuring the seamless integration of this new data, and I'm committed to optimizing it to work efficiently with this extended dataset.

This transition marks an exciting juncture in our research journey, as we explore the world of athletes and actors in more depth. By including these additional categories of public figures, we aim to enrich our analysis and gain a more holistic understanding of the role of gender bias in the media. I look forward to the possibilities that lie ahead and to sharing further updates as we delve deeper into this captivating aspect of our research. Stay tuned for more exciting developments on the horizon!
