---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## Week 7 (July 31st - August 4th)

**July 31st:** <br/>  
In the latest phase of our research, I successfully completed the data collection process for the athletes dataset. However, given that these athletes come from various sports disciplines, a unique challenge emerged. I had to painstakingly review the output of the CLIP model for each individual athlete to ensure that it accurately identified the correct sports category.

This meticulous approach was essential to maintain the integrity and accuracy of our dataset. By going through each athlete one-by-one, I could verify that the CLIP model's categorization was precise. While this process was time-consuming, it was crucial in ensuring the reliability of the subsequent analysis.

With the categorization issues resolved, I began the process of calculating and aggregating averages for each model, which allowed for a more in-depth comparison of their performance. This stage paved the way for an exciting next step: creating graphs that visualize the performance of each model in accurately categorizing athletes from different sports. These graphs will provide a clear and concise overview of our findings, making it easier to spot trends and insights in the data.

As our research advances, this meticulous approach to data collection and analysis is pivotal in ensuring the quality and depth of our findings. I look forward to sharing the results and insights that will emerge from this comprehensive effort as we continue to explore gender bias in media representation.
