---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Week 9 (August 14th - August 18th)

**August 14th:** <br/>  
In a recent pivotal development in my research journey, I had the privilege of meeting with my research professor, Vicente. During this meeting, Vicente provided invaluable feedback and guidance, assuring me that my research was on the right track and showing promising results. His encouragement and positive assessment served as a significant validation of the hard work and dedication invested in the project.

Following this uplifting discussion, I embarked on the next phase of my research project. Based on Vicente's input and my own research considerations, I made the strategic decision to transition from the U.S. Politicians benchmark to the Public Figures benchmark, or P-FI for short. This transition represented a well-considered shift in focus, allowing for a broader and more comprehensive exploration of gender bias in media portrayal.

With this pivot, I have commenced work on my final report, which will encapsulate the entirety of my research journey, including the methodologies, findings, and insights. This shift also entails the meticulous process of adapting and organizing the research components to align with the new benchmark, ensuring a seamless and coherent final presentation.

As this research progresses, I'm excited about the prospects of delving deeper into the P-FI benchmark and continuing our mission to shed light on gender bias in media. The support and guidance from Vicente have been instrumental in this endeavor, and I look forward to sharing the culmination of this research effort in the form of the final report. Stay tuned for further updates as we move closer to unveiling our research findings.
